# How to rip apps from your Android device on a Linux computer.

* Download the `apk.sh` script.
* Download the `bit.sh` script (found [here](https://github.com/bjchau/bit)).
* Run the `bit.sh` file using `bit apk.sh apk`.

The following steps are if you want to decode the app and look at the underlying code. If you just want the APK, the above scripts are enough.
* Download APKTool from [here](https://ibotpeaches.github.io/Apktool/install/).
* Run `chmod u+x apktool.sh`.
* Open `apktool.sh`.
  * Remove the line that says `libdir='$progdir'`.
  * In the following line, remove the usage of libdir (i.e. `"$libdir/$jarfile"` becomes just `$jarfile`).
* Save and close `apktool.sh`.
* Move `apktool.sh` and `apktool.jar` into `/usr/local/bin/`.
  * To do this, run the command `sudo cp apktool.sh /usr/local/bin`, and enter your password.
  * Do the same for `apktool.jar`
* Open your `~/.bashrc` file, and just below the line `alias apk='bash apk.sh`, add the following lines
  * `alias list_apk='adb shell pm list packages`
  * `alias decode_apk='sudo bash apktool.sh d'`


## How to use it

* Connect your phone to your computer, and make sure ADB debugging is enabled on your phone.
* List all apps installed on your phone.
  * In the terminal, run the command `list_apk | grep <keyword>`, where `<keyword>` is some word that is contained in the app's name.
  * Make sure you make the keyword clear enough to only get one result.
    * For example, "key" may work, but several apps could use the word "key," so narrow it down by using a keyword like "monkey," where it would only pertain to one app.
* Run `apk <keyword>` to download the APK to your desktop.
  * You may stop here and distribute the APK as is, or you may continue on.
* Use the command `decode_apk <filename>.apk`, where `<filename>.apk` is the name of the file generated by the previous step.
* This will generate code that you can examine to find what you want. 
  * NOTE: it will not be in human-readable Java.
